Liu Wenli
And so forth.
Can I help you?
Yan Jiangnan, since you refuse me
Then don't blame me for being ruthless
Lin Wenli is competing now
As long as I help him out of trouble
He will listen to me
I have some here.
It's the right thing for you to do.
Would you like to listen?
Isn't it all your fault that I got banned?
In fact, it was all encouraged by the Yan family man
He used my love for him to turn me against you
It's fine now
Dump me, I still feel guilty about you
Please give me a chance.
How do you want to help me? Don't worry.
Your goal
Didn't you just get the UFC gold belt?
I will win this game with my own efforts
As long as you believe
I'll get you the oil bag.
Teacher Sanbang
The stimulator someone put in your bag
I have a video here to prove it.
What you say is true.
Let me see it.
Video?
It's all on my phone, I'm being sincere
As long as you promise me one condition
We only need to continue to cooperate.
What do you want me to do?
Very simple.
You go and have a private fight with the Yan family man
Not for you later
I said I would win this game on my own
As for your terms
Toast without penalty
Be careful I let you walk around
One word can kill you